fix(glossary): BOLT === Basis Of Lightning Technology NOT Basics (#568)
lnbook/lnbook: glossary.asciidoc

    New blocks have a statistical probability of being produced every ten minutes.

BOLT::

>     BOLT, or Basis of Lightning Technology, is the formal specification of the Lightning Network protocol. By following these standards, the various implementations are able to work in conjucntion with one another and form the same network. It is available at https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lightning-rfc.

Reviewer: The `Basics` --> `Basis` change looks good.
The change in second second however, changes the meaning slightly. In the original it explained that BOLT does not have a reference implementation unlike the Bitcoin protocol. In the updated version this bit is lost.

Author: Thanks for the feedback, I've updated it to address those points but also provided the original where just the Basis correction is made if it'll be less contentious.

#### Based on your feedback
```suggestion
    BOLT, or Basis Of Lightning Technology, is the formal specification of the Lightning Network protocol. Unlike Bitcoin, which has a reference implementation that also serves as the protocol's specification the various Lightning Network implementations follow BOLT so they can work with one another to form the same network. It is available at https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lightning-rfc.
```

#### Original Only Correcting `Basics` --> `Basis` & `in` --> `at`

```suggestion
    BOLT, or Basis Of Lightning Technology, is the formal specification of the Lightning Network Protocol. It serves only as such without delving into implementation, unlike Bitcoin, in which both are one and the same. It is available at https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lightning-rfc.
```
